README.md, before:

Twelvelabs.io has a lot of potential in use cases with their video classification models. I honestly think that they should start building a product. Perplexity's original goal was creating an AI-powered search engine.

It's tricky to see where twelvelabs wants to position themselves in this market. Honestly, it's best if I could land a chat with one of the founders, CEO/CTO just to learn more.

If being a developer experience engineer can help twelvelabs quickly prototype and discover use cases, then I think that we can truly make something amazing. Although I don't think that twelvelabs need a lot of prototyping, we should just build something to find PMF. Worshipping clairvoyance and strategizing product is a trap.

And [perplexity pages](https://www.perplexity.ai/hub/blog/perplexity-pages) is the inspiration behind my next work.

Here's a simple experiment. Let's say I want to look up twelvelabs video classification model.

![alt text](image-1.png)

Notice that every citation link is marked with the `4` tooltip, which links to the following [blog](https://www.twelvelabs.io/blog/effortless-video-classifiers-with-twelve-labs-api-no-ml-training-required):

![alt text](image-2.png)

It's great to see that perplexity or other answer engines can index blogs from twelve labs, but why is there so limited content? This is where [SEO](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Search_engine_optimization) is vitally important. To make sure that 

In the future, answer engines will need more information to index into. The more that a company can put themselves out there. Just look at [this example](https://myjotbot.com/blog) and [this](). You don't need quality blogs, you just need numbers, and most startups desperate for traction will do this — and there's honestly no problem with it.

Google's ad business model functions via an auction market where people bid on ad keywords. But generating good quality for SEO that are worth clicking on can be a natural way for businesses to gain exposure, especially those who [use video as platform](https://backlinko.com/youtube-users).

Video is the motivation behind this project. Twelvelabs have already done the hard part, but creating the actual tool would be insurmountably useful. For example: podcasters can finally take their videos and convert them to blogs for more reach, sports channel recaps can find out which clips are "shorts" worthy. The input is video, but the output can be any mode that fits the user's use case. For this project, i'll be focusing on the blogging portion.


 Here's an [inspiration](https://playground.twelvelabs.io/indexes/65eff5b16dc02a0c6004a059/generate?v=65f0045566995fbd9fd64d7d&cache=true&mode=template&st=chapter&cp=Divide+the+chapters+step+by+step+introduced+in+this+video) that I found for the 

I'm sure there are companies already working on AI generated SEO content, and it's quite depressing to know that we are entering the [dead internet theory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dead_Internet_theory) age.

Functional requirements:
- input some video (link should work)
- output some blog 
- allow users to make some quick changes
- allow users to "share" (can mock this)

Stretch:
- if we can have a blogger-tool.twelvelabs.io website wheere people can immeidately deploy their blogging stuff then that would be awesome. THey don't need to create their own website or blog site, they can just outsource to twelvelabs and twelvelabs create their blogs for them.


use mike israetel. content creators can now transform their videos into other forms of content (be video shorts, blogs... you name it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UYst-lWO5ag


Other ideas in my backlog:
- need a simple way to share clips with people. If I can quickly index and search within videos, turn them into clips, and share them efficiently wouldn't that be awesome.

Commit message:

init next app and mocked the upload and tell us more parts of the control center

README.md, after:

# What I will be building:
A platform that takes video as an input and produces bite-sized blogs for [SEO](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Search_engine_optimization) optimization.

# Motivation
The inspiration behind this idea comes from [perplexity pages](https://www.perplexity.ai/hub/blog/perplexity-pages). In the future, answer engines will need more information to index into, which requires companies to proactively push their marketing online. Just look at [jotbot](https://myjotbot.com/blog) and [this](). You don't need quality content, you just need more of it to feed into answer engines and they will index fine on perplexity or phind. Although Google have ways in preventing the [gamifcation](https://blog.hubspot.com/marketing/diagnose-fix-google-penalty), if you believe in answer engines, AI agents, then optimizing for keywords are future-proof solutions. Most startups pursuing traction will do this — and there's honestly no problem with it. 

More so, influencers who primarly use video (youtubers, tiktokkers, ig reels) are able to control the media surrounding their likeness and brand, they can provide more relevant and factual informations about themselves or their businesses. I believe that twelvelabs has the opportunity to do this with their [Pegasus-1](https://www.twelvelabs.io/blog/introducing-pegasus-1) video-to-text model.

This was also a good recipe I [found](https://playground.twelvelabs.io/indexes/65eff5b16dc02a0c6004a059/generate?v=65f0045566995fbd9fd64d7d&cache=true&mode=template&st=chapter&cp=Divide+the+chapters+step+by+step+introduced+in+this+video).

# Engineering Process

I'm going to keep this app dead simple. Here are the functional requirements:
- input some video (youtube link should work)
- output some blog 
- allow users to make some quick changes
- allow users to "share" (can mock this)
- must be beautiful in some way

Tech stack:
- nextjs + ts, tailwind, python, aws, nextui

users don't really know what they want to build. so they

# Moving Forward
This is a pretty cool idea...
Stretch:
- if we can have a blogger-tool.twelvelabs.io website wheere people can immeidately deploy their blogging stuff then that would be awesome. THey don't need to create their own website or blog site, they can just outsource to twelvelabs and twelvelabs create their blogs for them.

but if i really wanted to build something at twelvelabs it would be a big product or a big idea, and as a dev ex engineer i'm committed to building the moonshot products that would put twelvelabs on the map.


Other ideas in my backlog:
- need a simple way to share clips with people. If I can quickly index and search within videos, turn them into clips, and share them efficiently wouldn't that be awesome.



I'm sure there are companies already working on AI generated SEO content, and it's quite depressing to know that we are entering the [dead internet theory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dead_Internet_theory) age.
